Timestamp,Public,Username,Last week,This week
2/13/2015 14:39:53,Public,mbland,"Hub:
- Lots of tweaking and cleanup, by
  [myself](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3A18F%2Fhub+created%3A""2015-02-06+..+2015-02-13""+author%3Ambland)
  and [Michelle Hertzfeld](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3A18F%2Fhub+created%3A""2015-02-06+..+2015-02-13""+author%3Ameiqimichelle)
- New hires are now using the Hub as an onboarding tool on day one
- Lots of [accessibility fixes thanks to Nick
  Bristow](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3A18F%2Fhub+created%3A""2015-02-06+..+2015-02-13""+author%3Anickbristow)
- Inquired about finalizing
  [team-ops](https://github.com/18F/hub-pages-private/issues/3) and
  [DevOps](https://github.com/18F/DevOps/issues/233) doc migrations
- [Incorporated prose.io as default 
  editor](https://github.com/18F/hub/pull/144); Dave Cole working on
  [improving authorization flow](https://github.com/18F/hub/issues/153)
- [Locations map thanks to Shawn Allen and Marco
  Segreto](https://github.com/18F/hub/pull/108)
- Began addressing [page speed issues](https://github.com/18F/hub/issues/145)
- Public Hub deployments:
  [#116](https://github.com/18F/hub/pull/116);
  [#141](https://github.com/18F/hub/pull/141);
  [#157](https://github.com/18F/hub/pull/157)
- Briefed folks from USCIS, CFPB on the Hub and Snippets
- All GitHub activity:
  [Hub](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3A18F%2Fhub+created%3A""2015-02-06+..+2015-02-13""&type=Issues);
  [hash-joiner](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3A18F%2Fhash-joiner+created%3A""2015-02-06+..+2015-02-13""&type=Issues)

Documentation Working Group:
- Weekly meeting
- Initiating content strategy discussions around
  [18F Guides](http://18f.github.io/guides/)
  ([18F/hub#113](https://github.com/18F/hub/issues/113))
- In a good position to begin planning a team-wide Documentation Fixit

Testing Grouplet:
- Weekly meeting
- Finalized OKRs
- Drafted [Testing
  Roadmap](http://18f.github.io/automated-testing-playbook/roadmap/)
- Discussed testing survey results; will feed into Roadmap, Cookbook, and
  Moncef Belyamani's work to set up a [project
  dashboard](https://github.com/codeforamerica/projectmonitor)
- Will begin soliciting, publishing ""Cookbook"" articles (one per week)

Working Group Working Group (WG^2):
- Weekly meeting
- Finalized OKRs
- Discussed User Research Guild, Accessibility Guild progress
- Identified need for clear 20% time policy to promote grouplet participation
- Identified need for cross-group impact metrics to justify 20% time
  investment

Misc:
- 18f.gsa.gov: [#522](https://github.com/18F/18f.gsa.gov/pull/522);
  reviewed [#510](https://github.com/18F/18f.gsa.gov/pull/510)
- [All GitHub
  activity](https://github.com/search?q=author%3Ambland+created%3A""2015-02-06+..+2015-02-13""&type=Issues)","- Hub: page speed tweaks (particularly dealing with JavaScript loading);
  scaling up data model; internal cleanups; continuing documentation
  improvements
- Doc WG: plan Documentation Fixit
- Testing WG: help launch Cookbook and Dashboard; continue Playbook
  review/editing
- WG^2: Follow-through on 20% policy, impact metrics
- Possibly get another blog post on the publishing calendar"
2/13/2015 15:08:40,Public,melody,"Acclimated to 18F (week one)

Wrote [blog post](https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/02/17/three-18f-products-that-will-help-your-workplace/)

Conducted interviews for future case studies

","Conducting interviews with 18F team members

Writing blog posts and thinking more about web content / design

Working with the Peace Corps team and FOIA team on some projects"
2/15/2015 15:34:27,Public,robert,"Work on SSA task order
Lots of SSA meeting and discussion
DoL briefing of new program manager
Other DoL Status and reporting
Architectural discussion with Tom about Navy",
