## Deploying the 18F Hub

### publish.sh

Not much to see here; after regenerating the site with Jekyll, [publish.sh](publish.sh) just `rsync`s it to `hub.18f.us`. Ask Mike Bland to help add your public key to `authorized_keys`.

### AWS

https://hub.18f.us/ is running as an AWS EC2 instance named `18f-hub` based on 18F's `m3.medium` image. The AWS Elastic IP of the instance is assigned to the `hub.18f.us` subdomain via the AWS Route 53 panel. The associated AWS Security Group restricts access to the SSH, HTTP, and HTTPS ports (22, 80, and 443), but those ports are reachable from any source IP address.

### Nginx

[/etc/nginx/nginx.conf](etc/nginx/nginx.conf) is the stock 18F nginx config that comes with the image, modified to include the Hub-specific config, [/etc/nginx/vhosts/hub.conf](etc/nginx/vhosts/hub.conf), further described in the Google Auth Proxy section below:

```
  ##
  # Virtual Host Configs
  ##

  #include /etc/nginx/vhosts/*.conf;
  include /etc/nginx/vhosts/hub.conf;
```

### SSL

[/etc/nginx/vhosts/hub.conf](etc/nginx/vhosts/hub.conf) is configured to use SSL as per the [18F baseline nginx TLS config](https://github.com/18F/tls-standards/tree/master/configuration/nginx). Contact Eric Mill for access to the private key.

### Google Auth Proxy

The [etc](etc) and [usr](usr) subdirectory trees contain the files needed to configure Nginx and the [Google Auth Proxy](https://github.com/bitly/google_auth_proxy) in concert to ensure only 18F team members can access the Hub. The current version of `google_auth_proxy` running on `hub.18f.us` is 1.0; the latest version can be downloaded from: https://github.com/bitly/google_auth_proxy/releases and unpacked on the Hub machine as `/usr/local/18f/bin/google_auth_proxy`.

[/etc/init.d/google_auth_proxy](etc/init.d/google_auth_proxy): Enables the `google_auth_proxy` service to be started and stopped like any other standard service, via `sudo service google_auth_proxy [start|stop|restart]`.

[/etc/nginx/vhosts/hub.conf](etc/nginx/vhosts/hub.conf): All `http://` requests are permanently redirected (301) to the `https://` equivalent by the first `server` block. The second `server` block, listening for `https://` requests, is configured to forward all requests (except for the logo used for the Google OAuth consent screen) to the `google_auth_proxy` service. The content of the site is ultimately served by the final `server` block, accessible only by the running `google_auth_proxy` instance on the localhost, given the AWS Security Group port restrictions.

*Notice the `port_in_redirect off;` line in the third `server` block:* Without this line, permanent redirects from directory URLs _without_ a trailing slash to directory URLs _with_ a trailing slash will include the local server's port, which will cause the redirect to fail.

[/usr/local/18f/bin/google_auth_proxy.sh](usr/local/18f/bin/google_auth_proxy.sh): A shim that allows the `google_auth_proxy` logs to be captured in `/var/log/google_auth_proxy/access.log`.

[/usr/local/18f/etc/google_auth_proxy.cfg](usr/local/18f/etc/google_auth_proxy.cfg): The configuration file for the `google_auth_proxy`, specified as a command line flag by [/etc/init.d/google_auth_proxy](etc/init.d/google_auth_proxy). The `client_id` and `client_secret` fields have been redacted from the repository. Currently they come from Mike Bland's personal account, since https://console.developers.google.com/ is currently disabled for the gsa.gov domain. A dedicated, shared `18f-hub-admin@gsa.gov` account would be ideal. For progress on this front, see 18F DevOps issues [60](https://github.com/18F/DevOps/issues/60) and [79](https://github.com/18F/DevOps/issues/79).

*Notice the `authenticated_emails_file` setting, and that `google_apps_domains` has been commented out.* Access is granted to the union of these two sets, i.e. to everyone in the `authenticated_emails_file` _or_ in the `google_apps_domains`.

The `authenticated_emails_file` is the list of Google Apps-authenticated users authorized to access the hub. It is currently generated by the [auth.rb](../_plugins/auth.rb) plugin. Whenever team member email address information is updated in [_data/private/team.yml](../_data/private/team.yml), a new version of this file will be generated, and the `google_auth_proxy` will need to be restarted via: `sudo service google_auth_proxy`.

### Preparing for automated deployment

The automated deployment of the public Hub is accomplished by:

- cloning the Hub's GitHub repository on the deployment host to track a specific deployment branch;
- using `fabric` to launch a `hookshot` server on the deployment host, configured using [fabfile.py](fabfile.py);
- configuring `nginx` with a reverse proxy block to forward requests to the local `hookshot` server; and
- configuring the Webhook on GitHub to send a request to the deployment host wheever updates are pushed.

Provisioning the deployment environment still requires manual work at the moment. You need to set up `fabric` and `ssh` on your local machine; install `node`, `ruby` and several `npm` packages on the remote machine; and prepare a clone of the Hub repository on the remote machine.

#### Local: Fabric

On your local machine, using the system Python:
```
$ sudo easy_install pip
$ sudo pip install fabric
```

#### Local: SSH

Make sure your `$HOME/.ssh/config` file contains the following entries:
```
Host 18f-site
   Hostname 18f.gsa.gov
   User site
   IdentityFile [$HOME]/.ssh/[KEY]
   IdentitiesOnly yes

Host 18f-hub
   Hostname hub.18f.us
   User ubuntu
   IdentityFile [$HOME]/.ssh/[KEY]
   IdentitiesOnly yes
```

#### Remote: Node.js

On Eric Mill's advice, for Ubuntu, download the latest Node binary and install it directly on the machine; don't use `apt-get`. You can find the link to the latest version at https://nodejs.org/download/ (the latest was `v0.10.34` at the time of writing).
```
$ ssh 18f-hub
$ wget http://nodejs.org/dist/v0.10.34/node-v0.10.34-linux-x64.tar.gz
$ gzip -dc node-v0.10.34-linux-x64.tar.gz | tar xf -
$ sudo cp node-v0.10.34-linux-x64/bin/node /usr/local/bin
```

#### Remote: NPM packages

```
$ ssh 18f-hub
$ npm install hookshot
$ npm install minimist
$ npm install -g forever
```

#### Remote: Ruby

Using `rbenv` helps ensure a stable Ruby version. It must be installed on `/usr/local` or `/opt`, since the file system serving the `/home` directory has `noexec` set as a mount option.
```
$ ssh 18f-hub
$ export RBENV_ROOT=/usr/local/rbenv
$ sudo mkdir $RBENV_ROOT
$ sudo chown $USER $RBENV_ROOT
$ git clone https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv.git $RBENV_ROOT
$ echo 'export RBENV_ROOT=/usr/local/rbenv' >> ~/.bashrc
$ echo 'export PATH="$RBENV_ROOT/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc
$ echo 'eval "$(rbenv init -)"' >> ~/.bashrc
[log out...]

$ ssh 18f-hub
$ cd $RBENV_ROOT
$ git pull
$ git clone https://github.com/sstephenson/ruby-build.git \
  $RBENV_ROOT/plugins/ruby-build
$ rbenv rehash
$ rbenv install -l
[pick a version...]

$ rbenv install [VERSION]
[time passes...]

$ rbenv global [VERSION]
```

#### Remote: Initial cloning and build

Before deploying, clone the repo on the remote host based on the appropriate branch, then perform the first build to ensure that everything is installed properly, including the [hookshot.js](hookshot.js) script.

In the examples below, replace `[BRANCH]` with the name of the repository branch used to trigger the automated deployment.
```
$ ssh 18f-hub
$ git clone https://github.com/18F/hub.git --branch [BRANCH] hub-[BRANCH]
$ cd $HOME/hub-[BRANCH]
$ if [ -a deploy/hookshot.js ]; then echo "OK"; else echo "missing"; fi
OK

$ gem install bundler
$ bundle
[time passes...]

$ git submodule init
$ bundle exec jekyll b --config _config.yml,_config_public.yml
```

#### Local: Launch and manage remote `hookshot` server using `fabric`

In this directory (which contains [fabfile.py](fabfile.py)), you can manage the remote `hookshot` server using the `fab` command.
```
$ fab start --set branch=[BRANCH]
$ fab stop --set branch=[BRANCH]
$ fab restart --set branch=[BRANCH]
```

#### Remote: Nginx

The Hub-specific config, [/etc/nginx/vhosts/hub.conf](etc/nginx/vhosts/hub.conf), must contain a reverse-proxy block for forwarding GitHub Webhook requests to the `hookshot` server. The port of the `proxy_pass` directive must match the corresponding `port` property associated with the branch as configured in [fabfile.py](fabfile.py).

#### GitHub: Configure Webhook

[GitHub Webhooks](https://help.github.com/articles/about-webhooks/) are requests that are delivered by GitHub to a URL of your choosing based upon certain repository events. The [Webhooks level up](https://github.com/blog/1778-webhooks-level-up) blog post gives a good high-level introduction, with pictures. The [Webhooks API docs](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/) go into greater detail; note the **Creating webhooks** and **Configuring your server** sections in the section guide on the right of the page.
